♪ Silent night
♪ Holy night
♪ All is calm
♪ All is bright
♪ Round yon Virgin
Mother and Child
♪ Holy infant
♪ So tender and mild
♪ Sleep in heavenly peace
♪ Silent night
♪ Holy night
♪ Shepherds quake
♪ At the sight
♪ Glories stream
♪ From afar ♪
Suction.
♪ Heavenly hosts
sing Alleluia ♪
♪ Christ the Savior is born!
♪ Christ the Savior
♪ Is born ♪
Okay.
It's Wednesday, January 26th,
and you're listening
to 88.3 KPLP.
In just a few hours,
the Federal Reserve is
projected to raise
interest rates,
and we're told that
this is their main tool
to help lower inflation.
Can you just explain to us...
Sure, sure.
So, as everyone knows,
the prices are rising...
Exactly. And the spending...
The labor markets...
higher rate,
which obviously the
government does not want.
So, what the Fed
is saying is that
if they raise these
interest rates,
if they make these commodities
such as cars and houses
actually more expensive,
then fewer people will
be able to afford them.
This will lower the demand
and give the supply the chance
to catch up...
Right.
- So, tell us the story...
of how we got here.
When did all this start?
So, our story starts...
Hey, hey.
It's okay. It's okay.
Stop it...
Help me.
How?
It's Thursday, April 14th,
KPLP's Lifestyle Fridays,
Holiday Weekend Edition.
Coming up, how to
make the most...
of your long Easter weekend
and fun Easter egg ideas
that your kids will love.
- All that...
♪ I can't believe
That it's Christmas
♪ The best time of the year
♪ Whoa
♪ I can't believe
That it's Christmas
♪ And Santa will soon be here
♪ It's such a warm
And jolly feeling
♪ And Santa is someone
We all believe in
♪ He's in a hurry
But don't you worry
♪ Your stocking Won't be empty
♪ You'll see
♪ I can't believe
That it's Christmas
♪ The best time of the year
♪ Whoa
♪ I can't believe...
Hey.
You wanna fly?
♪ Santa's working
Around the clock
♪ Rudolph's running
around every block... ♪
No! No!
No! No! No! No!
No!
Here you go.
- Thank you.
- Hey.
Across the inside
of the forearm
stops the attacker
from grabbing you.
Otherwise his extremities
will be able to block...
I can get inside his defense
and limit his ability.
Cut here.
Now I'm getting
positive stab and cut.
Now remember, make sure
that you twist the blade,
torquing your blade
to the left...
Now I cut directly across...
inside and around.
So I stab upwards,
causing pressure...
Now, driving my blade out
creates a large, gaping wound.
Shots fired. Shots fired.
3500 North 13th.
Shots fired on the
corner of 13th and Paul.
We have shots fired.
Copy, 4-0.
All units, all units North 13th.
Officer-involved shooting.
Respond with caution.
39th District.
3500 North 13th,
still shots fired.
Third call. 3500 North 13th.
♪ We wish you A
merry Christmas
♪ And a happy new year ♪
Fuck you!
Reports of a possible
211 outside Bar Martins.
5-3-0,
currently on Belview
Park, headed into south.
Copy, 530.
1500 block of Allen
in the alleyway
- behind Bar Martins.
- No! No! No!
No! No! No!
No! No! No! No!
No! No!
No! No! No!
♪ God's telling me
Fuck your friends
♪ Fuck your enemies
♪ So I look at the sky
♪ 'Cause its color is blue
♪ 'Cause I'm fucked If I don't
♪ And I'm fucked if I do
♪ Tears on the altar
♪ Blood on the blade
♪ There's blood on my blade
♪ Tears on the altar
♪ Blood on my blade
♪ There's blood on my blade
♪ There's blood on my blade!
♪ To pave your way
♪ Blame the
preachers You burned
♪ Lightin' the way
♪ Tears on the altar
♪ Blood on the blade
♪ Blood on the blade ♪
6-0-4, I think it's a gang war.
- I... I need backup.
- .
Copy that. Any available
units, please confirm.
81st Street.
Shots fired from inside.
It's a war zone out here.
All units. All units.
Multiple reports of gang war.
Jesus Christ.
Merry fucking Christmas.
2-0-5, we...
we have gangbangers.
We have gangbangers...
Dispatch, dispatch, this
is 6-0-4. I got a...
Automatic weapons,
automatic weapons.
I repeat. All units, all
units, please respond.
Reports of automatic weapons.
This is 6-0-4, I'm taking fire.
I need backup. ASAP!
2-0-5. We need medical now!
We need medical.
Dispatch, 3-0-2, we're
getting out of here.
There's too many packin'.
All units, stand down.
Move! Move! Move!
6-0-4,
still taking fire.
Still shooting.
All units, stand down.
All units, all personnel,
stand by for new orders.
Merry Christmas.
Unit 76-15, please contact.
513,
still need medical at 700 Third.
Both sides still firing.
Mike, Bravo, 5-19 en route.
Mike, Bravo, 5-19...
If your gun is
required, pull it out.
All units, all
personnel, be advised.
The order to remain outside
the perimeter is still in force.
All units, pull back.
All units, stand
by for new orders.
♪ I just wanna touch you
♪ And hold you In my hands
♪ And feel you With my hands
♪ Give everyone a chance
♪ Give everyone a chance ♪
You motherfucker! You...
You fucker!
♪ Unrest is in the soul
♪ We don't move
Our bodies anymore
♪ Unrest is in the soul
♪ We don't move Our
bodies anymore ♪